README.md, before:

# Wings of the Points

This is a chart to visually represent the transfer partnerships between rewards programs of US credit cards and airlines.

Live Demo -> [https://physixfan.github.io/Wings-of-the-Points/index.html](https://physixfan.github.io/Wings-of-the-Points/index.html)


## Usage
* It is better to view this chart on desktop. The screens on mobile devices are usually too narrow to have a good effect.
* Move your mouse over the point name or airline name to highlight transfer relationships. 
* Move your mouse over any line connecting a point and a mile to see the transfer ratio. 
* The airlines are grouped by alliances, and inside an alliance the airlines are sorted by alphabetical order. 
* You can use ctrl+F (or cmd+F) to quickly find an airline.

## Note
* Chase UR is short for Chase Ultimate Rewards points; AmEx MR is short for American Express Membership Rewards points; Citi TYP is short for Citi ThankYou Points.
* The Marriott Bonvoy points can be transferred to airlines miles at 3:1 ratio with most programs. Plus, Marriott will add 5,000 miles for every 60,000 Marriott Bonvoy points you transfer to airline miles. Therefore we count the ratio as 3:1.25. It is basically equivalent to the previous SPG program (1:1.25 ratio).

## Change Log

### 2019-05-25
1. Forked from [Siriolabs](https://github.com/Siriolabs/Wings-of-the-Points) by physixfan and keep this repo up to date.
2. Added C1 - Capital One Miles transfer partners.
2. Added Aer Lingus (EI) to AmEx MR as they have a new partnership as of 06/2018.
3. Added Avianca (AV) to AmEx MR as they have a new partnership as of 11/2018.

### 2018-09-04
1. Dealt with the Marriott/SPG merger mess.
2. Added Avianca (AV) to Citi TYP as they have a new partnership as of 11/2017.
3. Removed Korean Air (KE) from Chase UR as transfer agreements have ended as of 08/2018.
4. Added JetBlue (B6) to Chase UR as they have a new partnership as of 08/2018.

### 2018-02-14
1. Removed Virgin America (VX) as it is acquired by Alaska (AS).
2. Add Cathay Dragon (KA) to Amex, Citi, Marriott, SPG as they share Asia Miles with CX.
3. Add Aer Lingus (EI) and Iberia (IB) to Chase as these can be transferred directly as of 11/2017.


## Contributors

* [Martin Gao](http://www.yeekapp.com) (The original author and the owner of this chart)

* [Runjie Guan](http://anoxic.me) (Added the transfer rate box to the chart)

* [physixfan](https://www.uscreditcardguide.com) (Proposed this idea and keep updating)

Commit message:

Moved CZ from SkyTeam to non-Alliance as it left SkyTeam as of 01/2019.

README.md, after:

# Wings of the Points

This is a chart to visually represent the transfer partnerships between rewards programs of US credit cards and airlines.

Live Demo -> [https://physixfan.github.io/Wings-of-the-Points/index.html](https://physixfan.github.io/Wings-of-the-Points/index.html)


## Usage
* It is better to view this chart on desktop. The screens on mobile devices are usually too narrow to have a good effect.
* Move your mouse over the point name or airline name to highlight transfer relationships. 
* Move your mouse over any line connecting a point and a mile to see the transfer ratio. 
* The airlines are grouped by alliances, and inside an alliance the airlines are sorted by alphabetical order. 
* You can use ctrl+F (or cmd+F) to quickly find an airline.

## Note
* Chase UR is short for Chase Ultimate Rewards points; AmEx MR is short for American Express Membership Rewards points; Citi TYP is short for Citi ThankYou Points.
* The Marriott Bonvoy points can be transferred to airlines miles at 3:1 ratio with most programs. Plus, Marriott will add 5,000 miles for every 60,000 Marriott Bonvoy points you transfer to airline miles. Therefore we count the ratio as 3:1.25. It is basically equivalent to the previous SPG program (1:1.25 ratio).

## Change Log

### 2019-05-25
1. Forked from [Siriolabs](https://github.com/Siriolabs/Wings-of-the-Points) by physixfan and keep this repo up to date.
2. Added C1 - Capital One Miles transfer partners.
3. Added Aer Lingus (EI) to AmEx MR as they have a new partnership as of 06/2018.
4. Added Avianca (AV) to AmEx MR as they have a new partnership as of 11/2018.
5. Moved CZ from SkyTeam to non-Alliance as it left SkyTeam as of 01/2019.

### 2018-09-04
1. Dealt with the Marriott/SPG merger mess.
2. Added Avianca (AV) to Citi TYP as they have a new partnership as of 11/2017.
3. Removed Korean Air (KE) from Chase UR as transfer agreements have ended as of 08/2018.
4. Added JetBlue (B6) to Chase UR as they have a new partnership as of 08/2018.

### 2018-02-14
1. Removed Virgin America (VX) as it is acquired by Alaska (AS).
2. Add Cathay Dragon (KA) to Amex, Citi, Marriott, SPG as they share Asia Miles with CX.
3. Add Aer Lingus (EI) and Iberia (IB) to Chase as these can be transferred directly as of 11/2017.


## Contributors

* [Martin Gao](http://www.yeekapp.com) (The original author and the owner of this chart)

* [Runjie Guan](http://anoxic.me) (Added the transfer rate box to the chart)

* [physixfan](https://www.uscreditcardguide.com) (Proposed this idea and keep updating)
